Update azure-expressroute.md (#4468)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/azure-expressroute.md

Learn how Azure ExpressRoute is used with Office 365 and how to plan the network implementation project that will be required if you are deploying Azure ExpressRoute for use with Office 365. Infrastructure and platform services running in Azure will often benefit by addressing network architecture and performance considerations. We recommend ExpressRoute for Azure in these cases. Software as a Service offerings like Office 365 and Dynamics 365 have been built to be accessed securely and reliably via the Internet. You can read about Internet performance and security and when you might consider Azure ExpressRoute for Office 365 in the article [Assessing Office 365 network connectivity](assessing-network-connectivity.md).

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> >Microsoft does not recommend ExpressRoute for Microsoft 365, nor does it provide the best connectivity model for the service in almost all circumstances. As such, Microsoft authorization is required to use this connectivity model for the service. Microsoft reviews every customer request and authorizes ExpressRoute for Microsoft 365 only in the rare scenarios where it is necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>We do not recommend ExpressRoute for Microsoft 365, because it does not provide the best connectivity model for the service in almost all circumstances. As such, Microsoft authorization is required to use this connectivity model for the service. We review every customer request and authorize ExpressRoute for Microsoft 365 only in the rare scenarios where it is necessary. 
```

> Please read the [ExpressRoute for Microsoft 365 guide](https://aka.ms/erguide) for more information and work with your Microsoft account team to submit an exception should you require, following comprehensive review of the guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the [ExpressRoute for Microsoft 365 guide](https://aka.ms/erguide) for more information and work with your Microsoft account team to submit an exception should it be required after following a comprehensive review of the guide.
```
